---
layout: post
title: "we will love : we will"
description: ""
date: 2024-07-02
# image: images/spongebob.gif
tags: [poems]
---
  
the kid wishes to be not sad  
but is, and everywhere looks for  
a butterfly to hold, to adore  
for a brief time into the mind,  
to sit beside.  
  
to behold lying (face up) on summer's floor  
before comes the dust behind,  
and it  
blanketing the brain with thought,  
too often. (not always.)  
  
but he not knows  
why or how the itch began. he not dreams  
but forms eight-figures beneath  
the cot waiting for him to sleep  
(and it coming not.)  
  
the kid wants to be kind  
and warm to other skins  
but is filled with finger-pins  
and ice-veins and his palms are like stringed  
from within.  
  
as he outstretches  
a sad hand that wants to be not sad  
but is, he is thrown  
outward birthing tears from the nose  
and my eyes become mirrors to this sad sight.  
  
he wishes, truly, to prove to his [...]  
that he is real that he is like me: that he is skin.  
but there is the smell of burnt on his still  
stiff scars and I wish to be [...] to him  
but am not and everywhere look [...]  
  
for a piece of jigsaw to place, jagged, into my  
throat for him to know between our  
necks that puzzled twists (of mind, of muscle, of hope)  
may still, with effort, with love, with luck,  
find a peace and a slice of quiet sleep.  
  
the kid wishes to be warm but is so  
-- fucking cold  
and I wish to inbreathe the rock that is like a dry weight  
in his day dreams and to outbreathe lukewarm water  
for him to feed on but can not. instead we will keep running  
  
rat-like and we will love we will,  
we *will* to be not sad  
and everywhere look  
for a butterfly to hold, to adore  
for a brief time into the mind.  
  
sometimes it is beheld after  
the last breath of the day and before  
the first of the dawn and there is silence  
in the room and the kid smiles and is not sad  
and in this minute the crescent in the sky  
  
moves not and we listen to it.  
not-speaking. soft-spoken.  

---

**Thank-yous.** I cannot remember where or when I wrote this one. The « tears from the nose » are my little brother's -- the only time that I ever saw him cry. Thank you for your always-presence in my life.
<!-- The « rock that is like a dry weight » is a sensation I used to have regularly as a teenager, usually on the schoolbus. The « eight-figures beneath the cot » refer to dreams/insomnia I had when obsessing over mathematical problems in college. -->